README.md, before:

# About Me

Hey there! My name is Tejas and I am a high school student. 

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Hack United](https://hackunited.org), a non profit.
- 🌐 My website is [tejasc.xyz](https://tejasc.xyz/)
- 💪 My projects inlcude my (stealth) Startup
- 💬 Ask me about [Feared Media](https://fearedmedia.com), a digital post production agency. 
- 📫 How to reach me: tejas@hackunited.org

OPEN TO RESEARCH, INTERNSHIPS, AND COLLABORATION ON PROEJCTS! EMAIL ME!

## Skills <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/QssGEmpkyEOhBCb7e1/giphy.gif" width="25px">
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-informational?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/) [![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white)](https://keras.io/) [![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://www.cplusplus.com/) [![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) [![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-%23white.svg?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)](https://opencv.org/) [![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://www.learn-c.org/) [![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)](https://www.tensorflow.org/) [![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-informational?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html) [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.python.org/) [![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-informational?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.djangoproject.com/) [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-informational?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) [![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-informational?style=flat&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://nodejs.org/) [![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/ExpressJS-informational?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://expressjs.com/) [![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactJS-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://reactjs.org/) [![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-informational?style=flat&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://tailwindcss.com/) [![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-informational?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.mysql.com/) [![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-informational?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)

Commit message:

Revise README with new bio and contact details
Updated personal introduction and contact information.

README.md, after:

# About Me

Hey, I’m Tejas — a developer and founder passionate about building at the intersection of AI, startups, and full-stack development. I’ve led ventures like Hack United and Feared Media, published a book on influential leaders, and built award-winning AI projects recognized by Y Combinator and MLH. I love turning ambitious ideas into real, impactful products.

Contact:
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tejas-chakrapani/
- https://x.com/tejas7c
- tejas@hackunited.org

## Skills <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/QssGEmpkyEOhBCb7e1/giphy.gif" width="25px">
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-informational?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/) [![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white)](https://keras.io/) [![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://www.cplusplus.com/) [![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) [![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-%23white.svg?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)](https://opencv.org/) [![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://www.learn-c.org/) [![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)](https://www.tensorflow.org/) [![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-informational?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html) [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.python.org/) [![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-informational?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.djangoproject.com/) [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-informational?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) [![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-informational?style=flat&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://nodejs.org/) [![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/ExpressJS-informational?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://expressjs.com/) [![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactJS-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://reactjs.org/) [![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-informational?style=flat&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://tailwindcss.com/) [![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-informational?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.mysql.com/) [![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-informational?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
